"Species On The Edge 2.0" Social Media Contest
May 19, 2022
Conserve Wildlife Foundation invites high school students from across the state to submit an original social media campaign showing why wildlife is important to protect in New Jersey. The fun and educational "Species on the Edge 2.0" Social Media Contest capitalizes on high school students' expertise with social media platforms, and provides them with the opportunity to showcase their talent, creativity, and love of nature. The contest helps to develop students' experience. All entries will be eligible to win a day in the field with a wildlife biologist. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
(ISC)² Graduate Cybersecurity Scholarship
March 08, 2022
The (ISC)² Graduate Scholarship program offers from $1,000 to $5,000 per graduate student who is pursuing a degree with a focus on cybersecurity or information assurance. Applicants must be eligible to begin the first or second year of a master's degree program or pursue doctoral studies and have a minimum 3.5 GPA. Citizenship isn't required. Winners are announced in June. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
(ISC)² Undergraduate Cybersecurity Scholarship
March 08, 2022
The (ISC)² Undergraduate Scholarship offers students scholarships from $1,000 to $5,000 per recipient. Must be pursuing, or plan to pursue, a degree with a focus on cybersecurity or information assurance. You may be a senior in high school or an undergraduate student who is currently a junior, freshman, sophomore or senior who will be pursuing an undergraduate degree in the fall. A minimum 3.3. GPA is required. Recipients are notified in June. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
(ISC)² Women in Information Security Scholarship
February 22, 2022
The (ISC)² Women's Scholarship, administered by the Center for Cyber Safety and Education, offers students scholarships from $1,000 to $6,000 per recipient. Applicants must be female and pursuing or planning to pursue a degree with a focus on cybersecurity, information assurance or related field, and be a high school senior, undergraduate or graduate student. A minimum 3.3 GPA is required. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
100 Black Men of Prince George’s County, Inc. Scholarship
March 31, 2022
The 100 Black Men of Prince George’s County, Inc. is pleased to offer ten scholarships to students pursuing higher education. Students must be either graduating high school seniors or matriculating undergraduate students who are residents of Prince George’s County Maryland. Scholarships will be awarded exclusively to STEM majors, with a preference for students pursuing degrees in Computer Science related fields. High school students must have a 2.75 GPA, and college students a 3.0. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website..
4-H Youth in Action
March 29, 2022
The 4-H Youth in Action Program recognizes four confident young leaders who are 4-H members or alumni between the ages of 15-19 in our core pillar areas of Agriculture, Civic Engagement, Healthy Living & STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering & Mathematics). Each of the four pillar winners will receive a $5,000 scholarship for higher education, to be paid directly to the institution, including two-year and four-year colleges, trade schools, or other advanced learning opportunities; An all-expenses-paid trip for the pillar winner & a chaperone to Washington, D.C. The winner will be recognized at the Legacy Awards; Participate in training opportunities and media engagements, while engaging with Council leadership, celebrities & other prominent 4-H alumni; An opportunity to be featured as the 4-H Youth Spokesperson for their pillar area; An official reference letter from National 4-H Council President and CEO, Jennifer Sirangelo; All interested applicants should complete the online application at 4-H.org/YouthinActionFor more information and details, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
7X24 Exchange Rocky Mountain Chapter Scholarship
April 10, 2022
The 7x24 Exchange Rocky Mountain Chapter seeks to award a $1,500 scholarship to a deserving student associated with the mission critical support industry. Applicants under the age of 18 at the time of application submission must have their application co-signed by their parent or legal guardian. Applicants must live in the Rocky Mountain region. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider’s website. 
AAF Association of IT Professionals Scholarship
February 11, 2022
The Association of IT Professionals Scholarship was established in March 2010 by the Association of Information Technology Professionals Golden Spread Chapter for the benefit of students planning to attend Amarillo College or West Texas A&M University and major in Computer Information Systems or Computer Science. Applicants must be residents of the top 26 counties of the Texas Panhandle, be a high school senior or currently enrolled college student planning to attend Amarillo College or West Texas A&M University, have a cumulative GPA of 75 (3.0 on a 4.0 scale) for high school or a cumulative GPA of 3.0 for existing college students, and major in Computer Information Systems or Computer Science. Applicants must write a short essay describing previous experience and interest in the I.T. field. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
AAUW Return to Learning Scholarships
April 01, 2022
The Lombard Area Branch of AAUW "Return to Learning" scholarship is offered to assist females in completing an undergraduate or master's degree, or a certification program. Students must reside in Lombard, Villa Park, Oakbrook Terrace, Wheaton, Addison, Glendale Heights or Glen Ellyn in order to apply and are continuing college after a significant interruption. Special consideration is given to women who demonstrate strong academics, financial need, and an interest in a STEM field of study. Winners will be announced in May. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
ACF Barnes W. Rose, Jr. and Eva Rose Nichol Scholarship Program
March 16, 2022
The Barnes W. Rose, Jr. and Eva Rose Nickol Scholarship Program  is for a Albuquerque High School senior pursuing a bachelor's degree in a STEM major. Eligible applicants must demonstrate financial need and have a 3.6 GPA. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
ACF Woodcock Family Education Scholarship Program
April 02, 2022
The ACF Woodcock Family Education Scholarship Program was established in 1993 by Albuquerque businessman C.E. (Woody) Woodcock and his wife, Dixie, to support students of exceptional promise in the fields of science and math. Intended for students with strong math and / or science credentials. Scholarships will be awarded to Albuquerque metro area high school graduating seniors (includes Bernalillo, Sandoval, Valencia and Torrance Counties). Scholarships are payable over four years. Applicants must possess strong math and/or science credentials, plan to enroll full-time at a college/university, have a minimum 3.8 GPA and a minimum ACT composite score of 30 or minimum SAT Math score of 680. Two to three scholarships, for $10,000 payable over four years, will be awarded. For more information, or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Achievers in Technology Program 2021
May 01, 2022
Sankofatech’s Achievers in Technology (AIT) is a rigorous four-year (three years for current college freshmen) scholarship and mentorship program that aims to produce the next generation of African technology professionals in the United States. We believe technology is not the preferred career path for youth of African descent due to lack of knowledge about the industry, community misconception (i.e., not perceived as prestigious), and lack of access to resources. We aim to tackle these problems through the AIT program. AIT scholars go through a rigorous four-year program that equips them with essential skills and access to a network of like-minded peers, mentors, advisors, and accomplished professionals in the tech industry.AIT scholars will receive numerous benefits by participating in the program, including an annual $500 scholarship award for up to four years provided the student maintains all necessary criteria for the program and personalized career mentor(s) from top tech companies. Job readiness training (e.g., mock job interviews, resume reviews) and access to a network of diverse tech professionals will be made available to AIT scholars as well as site visits to tech companies, virtual webinars related to career and personal development and the opportunity to work on a project that benefits your community.Applicants must be entering a U.S. college or university as a first-year student in the academic year the scholarship is awarded and must demonstrate an interest in pursuing a tech career (ie. Software Engineering, Product Management, Data Science, Information Security, Project/Program Management, Networking, Database Administration, etc.). Must be of African descent and be able to show financial need. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
AEC Aluminum Extrusion Design Competition
March 29, 2022
To enter the AEC Aluminum Extrusion Design Competition, design a product or system featuring aluminum extrusions. The design must be original and make use of at least one extruded aluminum component. To be eligible for the AEC Aluminum Extrusion Design Competition, applicants must be currently enrolled as a student in high school, college/university, technical college, or graduate school. Winning entries will be those that best demonstrate the benefits of aluminum extrusion, whether by creating a new product or improving an existing one, by achieving the four judging criteria objectives of creativity, practicality, market impact or potential and product or process improvement. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
AFCEA Washington, DC Chapter Scholarship
May 01, 2022
In order to apply for the AFCEA Washington, DC Chapter Scholarship, you must be a resident within the Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments. Acceptable majors include computer science, engineering, mathematics, physics, chemistry, cybersecurity, and management information systems; and command, control, communications, computers and Intelligence (C4I)-related fields of study including electrical, computer, chemical, aerospace or systems engineering or electronics. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
African American Network of the Carolinas
March 06, 2022
The African American Network – Carolinas chapter provides scholarships to college-bound students from North and South Carolina who are pursuing a major in engineering, math, science, computer science, accounting, finance or business administration. Applicants must be a graduating senior at a North or South Carolina high school and must attend a four-year college or university located in North or South Carolina. Applicants must plan to major in engineering, computer science, the sciences, accounting, finance or business administration For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website and search the keyword "African American Network." 
AISES Burlington Northern Santa Fe (BNSF) Foundation Scholarship
May 31, 2022
The AISES Burlington Northern Santa Fe (BNSF) Foundation Scholarship is made available to American Indian high school seniors with a 3.0 GPA or higher who reside in one of the 23 states serviced by the Burlington Northern and Santa Fe Pacific Corporation and its affiliated companies. Applicants must be: an enrolled citizen or a decedent of an enrolled citizen of a federal or state recognized American Indian Tribe or Alaska Native Village; or Native Hawaiian or decedent from a Native Hawaiian; or Pacific Islander or decedent from Pacific Islander; or Indigenous person of Canada. Those awarded must maintain a 2.75 GPA their freshman and sophomore years and a 3.0 GPA their junior and senior years to receive scholarships for all four years. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Alaska Space Grant Program- Undergraduate 
September 15, 2021
The Alaska Space Grant Program (ASGP) invites applications from U. S. citizens for undergraduate funding awards. These awards are offered to students majoring in science, technology, engineering or mathematics (STEM) or STEM education fields. Stipends available under this program are limited to students attending Alaska institutions of higher education. Women, under-represented minorities and persons with disabilities are strongly encouraged to apply. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Amazon Future Engineer Scholarship
February 18, 2022
The Amazon Future Engineer scholarship program assists high school seniors who have completed an advanced placement computer science course, or who have taken an advanced placement computer science test and plan to continue their education at an accredited four-year college or university majoring in computer science, software engineering, computer engineering or other computer related field of study. Winners of the award receive $10,000 at an accredited four-year college or university as well as a paid summer internship at Amazon after their freshman year of college. Applicants must be U.S. citizens or permanent residents, high school seniors who are currently enrolled in or who have completed an advanced placement computer science course or who have taken an advanced placement computer science test, planning to enroll in full-time undergraduate study at an accredited four-year college or university for the entire upcoming academic year majoring in computer science, software engineering, computer engineering or other computer related field of study, and have a minimum cumulative grade point average of 3.0 on a 4.0 scale. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
AMS Graduate Fellowships
January 01, 2022
The AMS Fellowship Program is a source of unique opportunities for outstanding students looking to pursue graduate education in the atmospheric or related sciences. Applicants must be entering their first year of graduate school in the fall of the year the scholarship is offered and pursuing a degree in the atmospheric or related sciences at a US accredited institution. A 3.25 GPA or higher is required and applicants must be U.S. citizens or hold permanent resident status. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
APS/IBM Research Internship for Undergraduate Women
February 15, 2022
Applicants for the APS/IBM Research Internship for Undergraduate Women must be female, including all students who present or identify as women and/or trans women, with sophomore or junior standing at a U.S. college or university at the time of application. Students must also be majoring in chemistry, physics, materials science/engineering, computer science/engineering, chemical, electrical, mechanical engineering, or biology and have a minimum 3.0 GPA. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Arab American Association of Engineers and Architects (AAAEA) Scholarship Program
September 15, 2021
The AAAEA scholarship is presented to a full time undergraduate or graduate student in the field of engineering, architecture, or computer science/ information technology with preference to undergraduate students. Applicants must be a current Student Member of AAAEA - Capital Area or a child of a current member of the association. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Association for Iron & Steel Technology Scholarships
October 31, 2021
The Association of Iron and Steel offers scholarships to students majoring in the following programs: metallurgy,  materials science, electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, chemical engineering, industrial engineering, environmental science/engineering, and computer science. The list of the different named scholarships and their specific eligibility requirements can be found at the scholarship website. Applications will be accepted from university freshmen, sophomore, and junior applicants; a minimum 2.5 GPA is required. Application, essay and recommendation letters should express a strong interest in the iron and steel industry. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Austin Community College Career Scholars
May 01, 2022
The Austin Community College Career Scholars Program for local high school graduates is open to students interested in obtaining an associate's degree in the following career areas, which have strong hiring and salary opportunities: business, computer sciences, education, engineering, health care, manufacturing, applied tech and skilled trades. Applicants must have attended an eligible high school in the area and enroll full time at ACC for the semester after high school graduation. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Banatao Family Filipino American Education Fund
February 26, 2022
The Banatao Family Filipino American Education Fund will award five scholarships of $5,000 to qualified incoming freshmen enrolled at four-year colleges or universities. Each scholarship is renewable for a total of four years on the basis of satisfactory academic performance in a full-time undergraduate program. Awards are for undergraduate study only. Applicants must be incoming freshman enrolled full-time at an accredited four year-college or university in the upcoming academic year, pursuing a career in engineering, physical, computer or environmental sciences (excluding healthcare professions such as physician, nurse, pharmacist, dentist, etc.). Applicants must be of Filipino heritage (at least 50%) with a minimum GPA of 3.0, show financial need and be residents of one of the Northern California counties of Alameda, Contra Costa, Marin, Merced, Monterey, Napa, Sacramento, San Benito, San Francisco, San Joaquin, San Mateo, Santa Clara, Santa Cruz, Solano, Sonoma or Stanislaus - OR - the Southern California counties of Los Angeles, Orange or San Diego. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Barry M. Goldwater Scholarship & Excellence in Education Program
January 27, 2022
The purpose of the Foundation is to provide a continuing source of highly qualified scientists, mathematicians, and engineers by awarding scholarships to college students who intend to pursue research careers in these fields. Each scholarship covers eligible expenses for undergraduate tuition, fees, books, and room and board, up to a maximum of $7,500 annually. Applicants must be nominated by a Goldwater Campus Representative to their institution. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Betty Stevens-Frecknall Scholarship
May 31, 2022
The Betty Stevens-Frecknall Scholarship is a prestigious national academic scholarship that is not limited to a particular college or university.  Recipients must be full-time university students pursuing an academic degree in an information technology field. The selection committee will choose the scholarship recipients on the basis of scholastic ability, leadership potential and financial need. Applicants must have an overall and major GPA of at least 3.0 on a 4.0 scale (or equivalent) and must have satisfactorily completed at least one full semester of college (12 semester hours or equivalent). Must be enrolled as a full-time (12 semester hours or equivalent) undergraduate student at an accredited institution in the United States and be a U.S. Citizen or U.S. Permanent Resident. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Blacks at Microsoft Scholarship 
March 08, 2022
Blacks at Microsoft (BAM) is a company-sponsored employee network dedicated to supporting the continued growth and development of black employees at Microsoft Corporation. Applicants for the Blacks at Microsoft Scholarship must be high-school seniors of African descent (for example, African-American, African, or Ethiopian); must plan to attend a four-year college or university in the fall of the year following high-school graduation and plan to pursue a bachelor's degree in engineering, computer science, computer information systems, or select business programs (such as finance, business administration, or marketing). A minimum 3.3 GPA and financial need is required. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
BLK Men in Tech Trailblazers Scholarship
June 30, 2022
Applicants for the BLK Men in Tech Trailblazers Scholarshipmust be currently enrolled as a Freshman, Sophomore, or Junior at a Historically Black College and University (HBCU) majoring in a technology-related field of study. According to the National Science Foundation, only 6.2% of 2016 US science and engineering bachelor’s program graduates were Black. Our community’s responsibility is to change this reality by dismantling common obstacles that can limit minority students in their personal, educational, and professional pursuits. The BLK Men in Tech Scholars program is designed to support the community in this effort by equipping future Black leaders with the resources they need to progress their education and establish a meaningful career.Scholarship winners will receive a $1,000 Book Scholarship, mentorship from individuals in the technology space and gain access to exciting internship and employment opportunities. Recipients will be able to expand their networking capacity by engaging with new peers and exercise their skills by planning and implementing a community service project.Application includes a letter of recommendation from current or former professor, a 3-minute (max) video responding to the following prompt: "Name the 3 characteristics that when combined makes you unique and how do you plan to use them to contributed society?" For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
BMO Capital Markets Lime Connect Equity Through Education Scholarship
October 18, 2021
Launched in 2005, Equity Through Education helps people achieve their dreams by getting the opportunity to develop themselves through education, and the program builds a diverse workforce. Applicants must be current undergraduate or graduate students enrolled at four-year colleges or universities in the United States, be a full-time student with a minimum 40% courseload, have a disability and be pursuing a degree in business, commerce, computer science, engineering, math, physics, statistics or a related discipline. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Boston University’s Noyce Scholarship Program In Math
Varies
Boston University offers scholarships (through the Robert Noyce Program) for talented STEM majors and STEM professionals to become mathematics teachers. Noyce Scholars at Boston University receive 100% tuition support, a master’s degree and initial teacher licensure, and job-placement assistance. Eligible applicants must have an undergraduate degree in mathematics or related field, be legal US residents, and commit to teach for two years in a high-need district upon successful completion of the teacher certification program. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Calculated Genius STEMINIST Scholarship
April 16, 2022
The Calculated Genius STEMINIST Scholarship Program provides financial support to Chicago metropolitan area women pursuing college degrees in engineering. Calculated Genius is proud to support and encourage women to pursue degrees in engineering by recognizing their talents with financial awards. Applicant must be a female graduating high school student who is majoring in engineering in college, have a minimum 3.0 GPA (on a 4.0 scale) and intend on majoring in an engineering discipline in college, and be a U.S. citizen or permanent legal resident or have active Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) status in the Chicago metropolitan area. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
CEJC/Bill Dull Scholarship
April 24, 2022
The annual Charleston Engineers Joint Council scholarship is awarded to a graduating High School senior from the Charleston Metro area, who plans to pursue an engineering or technology degree. Applicants must be U.S. Citizens who are graduating high school seniors of a Lowcountry area high school, have a minimum GPA of 3.0, and are accepted into an engineering or technology curriculum at an accredited two-year or four-year institution of higher learning. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Center for Women In Technology (CWIT) Scholars Program at UMBC
January 15, 2022
The Center for Women In Technology (CWIT) at the University of Maryland Baltimore County (UMBC) is a merit-based scholarship program for talented female undergraduates majoring in computer science, information systems, business technology administration (with a technical focus), computer engineering, mechanical engineering, chemical/biochemical/environmental engineering, or a related program at UMBC. This is only for incoming freshmen. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
CGCS-Bernard Harris Scholarship Program
May 04, 2022
The CGCS-Bernard Harris Scholarship Program was established to encourage minority students to pursue college degrees and careers in science, technology, engineering, and math. Four scholarships for two boys and two girls, with a value of $5,000 each, will be awarded in May of the year the scholarship is offered to two Black and two Hispanic students currently completing their senior year of high school in a member district of the Council of the Great City Schools (see list on provider website). Applicants must be accepted for full-time enrollment at a four-year college or university in the next academic year and pursuing a degree in Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics (STEM). For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Chee Web Development Scholarship
May 01, 2022
We at Chee value innovators in the technology world who work hard to make the web a better place. To that end we have decided to award a $1,000 scholarship to a student embarking on a web related certificate or undergraduate degree. Any computer science, computer programming, web technology, web page design and development, or programming student attending or accepted to an accredited community college certificate program or four-year accredited university is in the United States is eligible to apply for our scholarship. Applicants must write an essay of up to 1,000 words about a chosen topic. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Chicago Engineers' Foundation Incentive Award
April 01, 2022
The Chicago Engineers' Foundation provides incentive awards to graduating high school seniors who live or go to high school in the city of Chicago, and are accepted to accredited college or university engineering programs. To be eligible for an initial CEF award, applicants must: be a graduating high school senior living or going to high school in the city of Chicago; planning to study engineering and received acceptance from an accredited undergraduate engineering program, and, have a 2.5 GPA. A minimum 990 SAT score or 21 ACT score are also required. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Collabera STEM Scholarship
April 30, 2022
Collabera is offering a scholarship to a female STEM student looking to be part of the next generation of young women looking to make an impact in the STEM community. Applicants must submit a transcript, write an essay, and have a 3.0 GPA. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Colonel Kathleen Swacina Scholarship
May 31, 2022
This scholarship has been established to honor COL Kathleen Swacina, USA (Ret.), and her accomplishments throughout her career and her affiliation with AFCEA. This scholarship will recognize one outstanding female college student who has shown a potential to excel in college studies in the areas of STEM (science, technology, engineering, and math) and attends college full-time in the state of Georgia. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Computing Minds Scholarship
March 31, 2022
Applicants to the Computing Minds Scholarship must submit a minimum 250 word essay talking about what has inspired them to pursue a major/career in computer science. Applicants must be female freshman attending a 2 or 4 year college in fall of the year the scholarship is awarded and must be pursuing a career/major in computer science. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
COMTO North Texas Scholarship
March 31, 2022
The Conference of Minority Transportation Officials (COMTO) North Texas organization is a 501 (c) 3 organization that supports the strategic goal of ensuring the continuing legacy of minorities in transportation. Our primary goal is to award scholarships to worthy students who are pursuing a career in the transportation industry.COMTO annually awards multiple scholarships, ranging from $500 to $2,500 each to minority graduating high school students from the Dallas/Fort Worth, Texas region. The scholarships will be for students who are seeking a career in a transportation-related field.The scholarship award may be used for tuition, fees, books and/or room and board expenses.  A field of study for transportation-related degrees may include Accounting, Architecture, Business Administration, Communications, Construction Science, Criminal Justice, Education, Engineering, Environmental Science, Finance, Information Technology, Law, Logistics, Management, Marketing, Political Science, Public Administration, Social Work, Sociology, Supply Chain Management, Transportation Management, and Urban Planning.To be eligible, the applicant must be a U.S. citizen or permanent resident, and a minority high school senior in the Dallas/Fort Worth region at the time of the applicant's submission, with a minimum 2.5 GPA. College students are not eligible to apply. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
CyberCorps Scholarship for Service
Varies
The CyberCorps Scholarship for Service program provides scholarships that may fully fund the typical costs incurred by full-time students while attending a participating institution, including tuition and education and related fees. Applicants must be a full-time student pursuing a bachelor's or master's degree in a formal program that is focused on cyber security at an awardee institution, or research-based doctoral student. Must be a US citizen or permanent resident. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Cybersecurity Public Service Scholarship Program
Varies
The purpose of the Cybersecurity Public Service Grant is to encourage public service to recent graduates of Virginia institutes with degrees in Cybersecurity or a related field by partnering with qualified public and private organizations to provide up to $20,000 in combined state and employer match benefits. The Grant may be renewed for up to two additional times, for a maximum of three total years. To be eligible, recipients must: reside within Virginia during the period of employment in which the contract is in force; begin full-time employment within one year of graduation from an accredited Virginia institution of higher education, or separation from active duty service in the Armed Forces of the United States; and, accept an offer of qualified employment from a qualified employer located within the Commonwealth of VirginiaFor more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Davidson Fellows Scholarship
February 12, 2022
The Davidson Fellows Scholarship awards  scholarships to extraordinary young people, 18 and under, who have completed a significant piece of work. Application categories are Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics, Literature, Music, Philosophy and Outside the Box. Davidson Fellows are honored every year in Washington, D.C. with Congressional meetings and a special reception. Applicants must be U.S. citizens or permanent residents who are 18 years old or younger. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Denes & Agota Bardos Award
May 01, 2022
The Denes and Agota Bardos Award is given to students in recognition for achievement in their community and in science, engineering, or the arts. Finalists embody the life and values of the Bardos family by demonstrating their commitment to compassion, academic rigor, and community or family service. Immigration history and financial need have played a central role in award recipients' lives.Applicants must be first or second generation immigrants currently residing in the United States who are students in their final year of high school or students enrolled in a college degree program within the past 6 months. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
DiGiorgio STEAM Scholarship
April 30, 2022
Valentino DiGiorgio and his wife, Carolina DiGiorgio are thrilled to announce their family’s first annual STEAM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts and Mathematics) scholarship recognizing students focused on continuing their education in these fields and using their skills to make a positive impact in their communities: the “Valentino DiGiorgio STEAM Scholarship”.The Valentino DiGiorgio STEAM Scholarship will award an eligible and deserving student with a scholarship in the amount of $2,500.00 to be used towards educational pursuits and costs.Valentino DiGiorgio, an entrepreneur and business executive, along with Carolina, a non-profit leader, believe in each individual’s ability to use their skills and talents to contribute to progress and innovation across the Nation. The industries recognized by STEAM are highly regarded and help advance the betterment of humanity and require committed individuals who are passionate about their studies to lead our communities forward.If you are a high school student interested in STEAM and are passionate about using your talents and skills in a career to innovate and advance quality of life, you should consider applying to the Valentino DiGiorgio STEAM Scholarship.Applicants must be currently enrolled in a high school (public, charter, private or home school) in any State in the U.S.A., Washington D. C. or Puerto Rico and must have a Grade Point Average of 3.5 or higher. Must demonstrate financial need and intent to pursue a STEAM Career (college, university, trade school). The Valentino DiGiorgio STEAM Scholarship is available to any student meeting the above criteria and having a sincere interest in STEAM. Interest can be demonstrated by sharing the student’s active involvement in STEAM activities, clubs and extracurricular activities, as well as work experience, internships and projects or innovations the student has completed.For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Diversity STEM Scholarships
June 15, 2022
Massport's Office of Diversity & Inclusion/Compliance offers a scholarship program to foster diversity in the transportation industry, and connect the best and brightest graduating minority high school seniors to college scholarships to support the Commonwealth’s STEM Initiative. All graduating minority high school seniors from the city of Boston or Massport's Neighboring Communities (East Boston, South Boston, Chelsea, Charlestown, Winthrop, Revere, Worcester, Lexington, Lincoln, Concord, and Bedford) interested in pursuing a degree in areas of study including aviation, business administration, accounting, architecture, engineering, finance, and human resources are eligible to apply. For more information, or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
DOE Computational Science Graduate Fellowship 
January 15, 2022
The DOE CSGF trains scientists to meet the nation's workforce needs and helps to create a nationwide interdisciplinary community. The fellowship provides support and guidance to some of the nation's best scientific graduate students and these graduates now work in DOE laboratories, private industry, and educational institutions. Open only to full-time students and legal US residents. For more information and to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Donald Handeland Scholarship
April 30, 2022
This is probably one of the most flexible scholarships you can apply for. There are very few “requirements.” You have the opportunity to include the things that make you a unique candidate. There is no limit to the number of pages or what you can include. Email any documents you want to be included with your application. Applicants must be a graduating high school senior, an Alaska resident who is enrolling in a 4-Year accredited college or university as a full-time student and must be going into an engineering or science field. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Edison Scholars Program
March 15, 2022
The Edison Scholars Program, sponsored by Edison International, is offering aspiring engineers and scientists scholarships to pursue their education at a four-year colleges or universities. Graduating high school seniors in Southern California are encouraged to apply for this scholarship. Eligible students must plan to enroll in a full-time undergraduate program in one of the following majors: electrical engineering, mechanical engineering, civil engineering, computer engineering, industrial engineering, computer sciences/information systems, environmental engineering, or environmental sciences. Eligible students must demonstrate financial need and live in or attend a public or private high school in areas serviced by Southern California Edison (SCE) or attend an eligible high school in the designated area surrounding SCE's San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station (SONGS). For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Edwards Lifesciences Foundation Scholarship Program
May 26, 2022
Edwards Lifesciences is offering the Foundation Scholarship Program to high school seniors from Orange County, California, Salt Lake County, Utah, or Puerto Rico who are pursuing bachelor’s degrees in STEM fields. Applicants must demonstrate financial need, be US citizens or permanent residents, and have a 3.0 GPA. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Elevate Scholarship Program 
March 15, 2022
Elevate is giving away scholarships to high school seniors who are attending an Iowa Community College in the fall for a career in advanced manufacturing. Examples of eligible training programs include welding, computer numerically controlled (CNC) machining, industrial automation, industrial maintenance, robotics, tool and die, and transportation and logistics. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Elms College STEM Scholarships 
February 01, 2022
The Elms College Elm STEM program, supported by a grant from the National Science Foundation, awards scholarship funds to students who major in STEM fields and attend Elms College full-time. In order to apply, you must be a prospective full-time, first-year student at Elms College; be a prospective major in biology, computer information technology, chemistry, or mathematics, except for clinical fields such as pre-medical or teaching professions (K-12 Education). Demonstrated financial need is required. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
EPP Undergraduate Scholarship Program
January 31, 2022
The EPP Undergraduate Scholarship Program targets students who have completed their sophomore year, attending minority serving institutions (MSIs), and have recently declared, or about to declare a major in atmospheric, oceanic, or environmental disciplines that support these sciences. You must be a U.S. citizen currently enrolled or accepted as a full-time, second-year student in a four-year academic program or a third-year student in a five-year program in a discipline related to NOAA's programs and mission at an accredited minority-serving institution (college or university within the United States or U.S. territories). Applicants must earn and maintain a minimum 3.2 GPA. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Ernest F. Hollings Undergraduate Scholarship
January 31, 2022
The Ernest F. Hollings Undergraduate Scholarship Scholarship Program provides successful undergraduate applicants with awards that include academic assistance for two years of full-time study and a 10-week, full-time paid internship at a NOAA facility during the summer. Applicants must be U.S. citizens, currently enrolled or accepted as a full-time 2nd year student in a four-year academic program or as a full-time 3rd year student in a five-year undergraduate program at an accredited college or university within the United States or U.S. territories, have a minimum GPA of 3.0, and have and maintain a declared major in a discipline including, but not limited to, oceanic, environmental, biological, and atmospheric sciences, mathematics, engineering, remote sensing technology, physical and social sciences including geography, physics, hydrology, geomatics, or teacher education that support NOAA's programs and mission. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
ESA Foundation Computer and Video Game Arts Scholarship
March 02, 2022
To be eligible to apply for the Entertainment Software Association (ESA) Foundation Computer and Video Game Arts Scholarship, you must: be a woman or minority; be pursuing a degree leading to a career in computer and video game arts and sciences; be a current high school senior, college freshman, sophomore or junior; be enrolled full-time in an undergraduate program at an accredited four-year college or university in the upcoming fall semester; and, must be a U.S. citizen. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website, 
Executive Women's Forum INI Fellowship
Varies
The Information Networking Institute (INI) partners with the Executive Women's Forum (EWF) to offer a full scholarship to an incoming INI student. Awardees, known as EWF-INI Fellows, receive a full scholarship and have the opportunity to be mentored by an EWF participant who is at a senior level in the information security field. Applicants must be admitted to an INI graduate program; have an accumulated GPA of at least 3.25 prior to entering Carnegie Mellon and maintain a minimum 3.25 GPA while at the INI; have no outstanding employment contract or obligation while attending Carnegie Mellon; show exemplary promise and potential; and demonstrate exceptional leadership skills. INI fellowships are merit-based and will be awarded during the admissions application review process. For more information and to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Fontana Transport Inc. Scholars Program
March 14, 2022
The Fontana Transport Inc. Scholars Program is open to underrepresented, low-income and first-generation college-bound students. Students must be pursuing an undergraduate degree full-time in transportation, math, science, engineering, architecture, environmental design, PreMed, psychology, Spanish language/literature. The applicant does not have to be a U.S. citizen but must have a minimum 3.5 GPA and proof of attending college beginning in the fall semester. Recommendation by a faculty member is optional but highly suggested. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
For A Bright Future Global Scholarship Program
April 01, 2022
For A Bright Future provides annual scholarships to underrepresented students with outstanding achievement and the drive to pursue higher education in select fields. Students have the opportunity to receive one scholarship a year. They are granted upon assessment of need and university selection. The average award amount is $2,500. The maximum amount is $10,000. Applicants must be minority high school/ college students who reside and study in the United States and come from low-income households and have graduated from high school with a minimum 3.0 GPA. Individual scholarship criteria varies. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
FOSSI STEM Scholarship 
March 01, 2022
The Future of STEM Scholars Initiative (FOSSI) is a program providing scholarships and professional development opportunities directed at furthering science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) education in students from underrepresented communities. If selected, the student will receive a $40,000 scholarship award disbursed in the amount of $10,000 per year, for four (4) years. Selected students will also receive internship preparation and placement, leadership training, mentoring and access to the AIChE student networking opportunities. Applicants must be high school seniors accepted as a full-time student at a historically Black college or university for the upcoming academic year, have a minimum 3.0 GPA, be a U.S. citizen or permanent resident, and be planning to pursue studies in a field associated with STEM, MIQA, technical or operation manufacturing. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Friends of MCC Foundation Scholarships
May 31, 2022
In addition to several general scholarships available, several other specialized scholarships are available in: accounting, anthropology, art, athletics, business, construction management, culinary, cultural diversity, diversity, education/early childhood education, first generation, FIT fitness instructor training, GED, healthcare, horticulture/plant science, humanities, journalism/writing, manufacturing/manufacturing engineering, music, nursing, special needs, STEM, veterans and women in college scholarships. Only high school seniors and first semester MCC students can submit their high school GPA where applicable. Returning MCC students must submit their cumulative MCC GPA. Transfer students must submit their college transcripts. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Future Technology Workforce Leaders & Visionaries (F12) Scholarship
December 19, 2021
The Future Technology Workforce Leaders & Visionaries Scholarship Program prepares high school students for IT management roles in the workplace. IT and Business professionals share real-world insight on careers and the related education and skills needed as seniors embark on their college journey. Five students will be selected for the program. Sessions are conducted virtually one Saturday each month for three months. Each session is two hours. Students completing the program will receive a scholarship ranging from $250-$1,000. There is no cost to participate in the F12 program. Five students will be selected for the program.Applicants must be current seniors enrolled in a Berkeley County School District high school who are intending to pursue a career in Information Technology, Business Administration, or a related field and planning to attend college and major in one of these fields. Student must have computer with webcam and internet access in order to qualify. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
GeneTex for Education Scholarship Program
July 16, 2022
GeneTex believes in accelerating scientific advancement and the notion that the genesis of future discoveries begins with the support of young scientists now. The GeneTex Scholarship Program will award a $2000 (USD) scholarship to students pursuing a STEM undergraduate or graduate degree. Scholarship funds will be paid directly to the university at which the recipient is enrolled.  The university will then distribute the funds to the recipient.Each eligible application will be reviewed by a committee of three to five GeneTex employees. The selection of the scholarship recipient will be based on the committee's determination of the application that best aligns with GeneTex's values and mission statement. We require your most recent transcript (an unofficial transcript is acceptable) to show that you are in good academic standing. If you are an incoming university student or transfer student, please provide a letter of acceptance or some equivalent form of documentation to show that you will be attending that university. The winner will be chosen and contacted 1-2 weeks after the deadline has passed and announced on our website shortly after. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
GLHF Career Development Scholarship
Varies
The Career Development Scholarship provides funding assistance for tuition and enrollment fees relevant to continuing education in a non-traditional or non-degree format. This scholarship is intended to promote career development for those living with bleeding disorders. Parents and spouses are also eligible for this scholarship. Applicants must be a Wisconsin resident or receive care at a Wisconsin Hemophilia Treatment Center. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Goodyear STEM Career Day Scholarships
April 01, 2022
For STEM Career Day, Goodyear, along with The Goodyear Women’s Network are funding scholarships for students that will attend any accredited college or university program to pursue a bachelor's degree in a Goodyear STEM discipline. Up to eighteen scholarships will be awarded to students in her/his name to the university she/he is to attend. Applicants must be Ohio high school seniors who will be enrolled in an accredited college or university to pursue a Bachelor of Science in a Goodyear STEM or Engineering discipline. The scholarship is meant to benefit talented high school students who are pursuing a career in a Goodyear STEM discipline. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Google Lime Scholarship
December 05, 2021
Google and Lime Connect are committed to helping the innovators of the future make the most of their talents. We are proud to partner to offer the Google Lime Scholarship for computer science students with disabilities. Recipients of the Google Lime Scholarship will each receive a scholarship for the current academic year. Selected students will also be invited to attend the annual Google Scholars' Retreat at the Googleplex in Mountain View, California that summer. Candidates will also be considered for software engineering internship opportunities with Google. Scholarships will be awarded based on the strength of candidates' academic background and a demonstrated passion for computer science. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Heinlein Society Scholarship
April 01, 2022
Three $2,000 scholarships will be awarded to undergraduate students of accredited 4-year colleges and universities. The “Virginia Heinlein Memorial Scholarship” is dedicated to a female candidate majoring in engineering, math, or biological or physical sciences. The Yoji Kondo and Jerry Pournelle scholarships may be awarded to a candidate of any gender, and add “Science Fiction as literature” as an eligible field of study. Applicants will need to submit a 500-1,000 word essay on one of several available topics. Winners will be announced on July 7th. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Horizon Scholarship 
June 30, 2022
To be eligible to receive a HORIZONS-Michigan Scholarship, applicants must be a female citizen of the United States who is a a resident of Michigan and currently enrolled at an accredited Michigan university or college. You can be either full-time or part-time student who has attained at least junior level status (60 credits), demonstrate interest in pursuing a career related to national security or defense, demonstrate educational expenses, and have a minimum grade point average of 3.25. For more information, or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider’s website.
Howard Bernstein Scholarship Fund
January 15, 2022
The Howard Bernstein Scholarship Fund was established in 2012 to provide scholarships to students who have committed to the material handling industry. Applicants must be enrolled or majoring in an industrial distribution or logistics program or comparable engineering curriculum at a pre-qualified institution, and have a minimum 3.0 GPA. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
HSF Scholarship
February 15, 2022
The Hispanic Scholarship Fund offers funding to assist students of Hispanic heritage obtain a university degree. Scholarships are available, on a competitive basis, to high school seniors, undergraduate students, community college students transferring to four year universities, and graduate students. Applicants must be Hispanic/Latino, have a minimum 3.0 GPA (for high school students) or 2.5 (for undergrad/graduate students), plan to enroll full-time in an accredited four-year university or graduate school in the U.S., be a U.S. citizen, permanent resident, DACA or Eligible Non-citizen, and complete the FAFSA if applicable. All majors and graduate fields are accepted, with an emphasis placed on STEM majors. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Hyundai Scholarship 
March 05, 2022
Hyundai Scholarships of up to full tuition (fees excluded) are awarded for the period of one academic year for J-1 or U.S. citizens that are incoming and studying full-time at the PhD or Master's level at GWU in the School of Engineering and Applied Science or the School of Business. Awards are made annually to both South Korean and U.S. citizens. Korean Applicants are expected to return to Korea upon completion of their programs of study to contribute to the economic advancement of Korea. U.S. students need to demonstrate a substantive commitment to Korea in their past and in their future careers. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
I/ITSEC Postgraduate Scholarship
June 26, 2022
The Interservice/Industry Training, Simulation and Education Conference (I/ITSEC) is pleased to announce the Annual  I/ITSEC Postgraduate Scholarships. The scholarships are being offered to stimulate student interest and university participation in preparing individuals for leadership in the Modeling & Simulation, Training, and Education communities. By investing in our future workforce, the scholarships encourage expansion of the I/ITSEC community and promote innovation through direct investment in our community’s future leaders. In the event that suitable candidates for one level are not identified, funds may be combined to provide two awards at the same level of study. The Postgraduate Scholarships awards are offered at a Masters level in the amount $5,000 and at a Doctoral level in the amount of $10,000, with outstanding achievement awards at the $15,000 level. The applicant must be a U.S. citizen and successfully complete undergraduate studies by the end of Spring term of the year the scholarship is awarded. The applicant also must be enrolled or accepted for a full-time masters or doctoral program in any of the following disciplines:Engineering (Modeling, Simulation, and/or Training Related); Operations Research/Systems Analysis/Mathematics; Distance Learning Methodologies; Human Factors (Psychology or Engineering); Instructional Design and Training Methodology; Computer Science and/or Information Sciences. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
ISA Educational Foundation Scholarships
February 15, 2022
ISA Educational Foundation Scholarships are awarded to college or university students who demonstrate outstanding potential for long-range contribution to the fields of automation and control. Applicants must be enrolled in a two-year degree, undergraduate, or graduate program. Two-year program applicants must have completed at least 1 semester or the equivalent of 12 credit hours and four-year program applicants must be at least a sophomore at the time of application. Preference is given to students enrolled in a degree program in instrumentation, systems, automation, and closely related fields. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
ITWomen Scholarship Program
March 19, 2022
The ITWomen Charitable Foundation's college scholarship program supports the mission of ITWomen to increase the number of women earning information technology and engineering degrees. Female high school seniors graduating from schools in South Florida who plan to earn college degrees in Information Technology and Engineering in the STEM academic strand are eligible to apply for these four-year academic scholarships.Applicants must be female graduating seniors from the Tri-County South Florida area of Miami-Dade, Broward, or Palm Beach county, be accepted and/or enrolled in a post secondary institution (such as a college or university), and be pursuing a degree in the fields of Information Technology and/or Engineering. Applicants must have also completed the FAFSA. Each scholarship winner is paired with an ITWomen Virtual Mentor. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
James M. & Erma T. Freemont Scholarship Program
February 03, 2022
The Freemont Foundation Scholarship Program is available to graduating high school seniors, undergraduate, and graduate students. Selected from a nationwide pool of applicants, qualified recipients will become Freemont Scholars. Applicant must be a graduating high school senior (must plan on attending a HBCU) or an undergraduate students (must currently attend a HBCU); graduate students are eligible to apply. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
James T. and Rose M. Perryman Family Foundation Scholarship
February 28, 2022
In order to apply for the James T. and Rose M. Perryman Family Foundation Scholarship, students must meet the following criteria: be a US citizen living and studying within a 150-mile radius of Pittsburgh, PA with an overall GPA of 3.0 or above; current/intended field of study must be in technology, engineering, math, or metals for college students and Welding, Machine Shop, Mechatronics (or similar), Networking, Automation, or a technology based program for trade school students; must not have completed more than 5 years of undergraduate or trade school education. Applicants must be registered or plan to be registered as a full-time student in your post-secondary program. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Jewels Academy College Scholarship 
May 07, 2022
The Jewels Academy’s Cognizant’s scholarship program recognizes today’s inspiration as tomorrow’s innovation. The goal of the scholarship program is to expand the pool of female students in the Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) fields. Applicants must be female students pursuing a career in the STEM field, be U.S. citizens or permanent residents, enrolled or plan to enroll at a two or four year accredited college or university with a full course of undergraduate, graduate or a vocational-technical school, have a minimum 3.0 GPA, and attended at least two Saturdays in Jewels Academy workshops. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
John M. & Mary A. Shanley Memorial Scholarship 
February 24, 2022
The John M. & Mary A. Shanley Memorial Scholarship Fund is a scholarship for four years to students studying Medicine, Law, Dentistry, Education, Ministry, Engineering, Accounting, Agriculture, Architecture or Computer Science. Applicants must graduate from a high school in Charlotte, Hendry or Lee County Florida, have an unweighted GPA of 3.0 or higher and must show documented financial need. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Josef Princ Memorial Scholarship 
January 31, 2022
Clark County school district male seniors who are of European descent may apply for the Josef Princ Memorial Scholarship. Applicants must also have a minimum 3.5 GPA, demonstrate financial need and planning to attend an accredited post-secondary college or university majoring in engineering, mathematics or science. Applicants must write a 400-500 essay on questions such as: "What do you find most challenging about a college major in engineering, math or science?" as well as other similar questions. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Joseph James Morelli Legacy Foundation Scholarship
March 17, 2022
The Joseph James Morelli Legacy Foundation is a 501(c)3 charitable organization and our mission is to honor Joseph’s spirit. Through the awarding of scholarships, we recognize students, who like Joseph struggle with dyslexia, and empower them to believe in themselves. The Joseph James Morelli Legacy Foundation supports high school and college students with dyslexia who wish to pursue a degree in a Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics (STEM) field. Applicants must provide documentation of a learning challenge, e.g., IEP, 504, or a letter from a teacher. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Judith A. Sanders Memorial Scholarship
April 15, 2022
The Judith A. Sanders Memorial Scholarship is awarded annually to a student from the rural community of Graves County in Western Kentucky. In order to be considered for this scholarship, an applicant must currently be attending Graves County High School or Mayfield High School as a senior. The student must also be planning to attend college to pursue a degree in a computer technology related field. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
JVS Chicago Scholarship Program
February 01, 2022
JVS Chicago offers scholarships to Jewish students residing in the Chicago metropolitan area (including Lake County, Indiana). Eligible applicants must: were either born and raised in Chicago area or one continuous year of full-time employment in the Chicago metro area prior to enrollment; plan on remaining in the Chicago area after completing school; are entering an accredited graduate program in a helping profession (see website for eligible majors) on a full-time basis for the upcoming academic year or are entering their junior or senior year of an accredited bachelor’s degree program in a helping profession on a full-time basis for the upcoming academic year; demonstrate financial need and career promise; and, are able to interview between March 1 and April 20. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Kearns Louis-Jean Memorial Scholarship
June 30, 2022
The Kearns Louis-Jean Memorial Scholarship is awarded to students of color within Boston, and neighboring cities/town, who are entering their first year of college, and pursuing a degree within STEM. KLJ Way will be awarding two $1,000 scholarships for the upcoming academic year. The second half of the scholarship is contingent on maintaining good academic standing with a minimum 3.0 grade point average. Must be graduating high school, and has been accepted to a four year college/university undergraduate program, with a declared major in STEM. Must be classified as low to medium income. Must have a minimum GPA of 2.5. Must reside in the Greater Boston area. Winners announced by July 6. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Keep Retro Alive Scholarship
March 31, 2022
The "Keep Retro Alive" Scholarship shall be provided to under-graduate students enrolled in a full-time basis, actively pursuing a degree in Computer Science in The College of Sciences at the University of Texas at San Antonio. Applicants must have and maintain a minimum cumulative grade point average of 2.5. Preference will be given to students who have reached junior or senior status and have completed or are enrolled to one of the game development classes at UTSA.
Kentucky Student Technology Leadership Program (STLP) Scholarship
March 01, 2022
The Kentucky Student Technology Leadership Program (STLP) Scholarship is open to students from schools in Kentucky who have a passion for using technology skills to make a positive social change in the world or at home in their communities. In order to be considered for this scholarship, an applicant must currently be attending a rural high school as a senior in the state of Kentucky and be an active member of their schools STLP. Additionally, the student must also be planning to attend college to pursue a degree in a computer technology related field. This scholarship is awarded based upon answers to a series of essay questions that are designed to gauge the student’s passion for his or her intended career in computer technology as well as the student’s sense of citizenship and pride in their rural community. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
KnowBe4 Scholarship for Black Americans in Cybersecurity
April 19, 2022
The recipient of the KnowBe4 Scholarship for Black Americans in Cybersecurity will receive a $10,000 Scholarship to be applied to tuition, fees, books, electronics and up to $3,000 may be applied to on-campus housing. Scholarship may be paid all at once or spread out over multiple semesters including summer session. The recipient will also receive a (ISC)2 Certification Education Package valued at approximately $5,000.Applicants must be a black male or female pursuing, or planning to pursue, a degree with a focus on cybersecurity or information assurance. GPA must be at least 3.2 on a 4.0 scale a you must be a US citizen or permanent resident. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Kris Paper Legacy Scholarship For Women In Technology 
April 15, 2022
The Kris Paper Legacy Scholarship for Women in Technology provides an annual scholarship to a graduating female high school senior or returning female college student who intends to further their education at a two-year or four-year college, university, vocational, or technical school and will be seeking a degree in a technology-related field. The students eligible for assistance shall be graduating female seniors or returning female college students from the greater Kansas City area, have a minimum 3.2 GPA, and regularly attend classes. Financial need and community service will also be taken into consideration. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Level5 Management Post-Pandemic Innovators Scholarship
Varies
The difficulties of 2020 have thrust certain technological issues to the forefront. More of our work is done remotely. Opportunistic bad actors have seized on pandemic-related vulnerabilities to create a new, rapidly-changing IT security threat landscape. Cloud computing, cyber security, and the collection and storage of data have become more central to businesses and organizations of all sizes. And the IT industry continues to grow to keep pace. As Boca Raton's top-rated Managed IT Service Provider, we know that the business technology industry will need innovators. Today's students preparing to enter the field will have a unique perspective on these challenges.Level5 Management is proud to provide annual scholarships to students entering Computer Sciences, Information Technology, Network Engineering, Cybersecurity, and related fields. Level5 Management awards scholarships annually to each of three college/universities local to our headquarters in Boca Raton, Florida. Applicants must be attending or registered to attend Florida Atlantic University, Lynn University, or Palm Beach State College and be enrolled in an undergraduate degree program related to Information Technology, Network Engineering, Computer Science, etc.Awards can be applied to tuition, books, semester living expenses, or any other education-related expense. Inclusion of an application essay is optional. Awards can range from $250 - $500 and are based on need and availability, so applications are accepted on a rolling basis. There is no deadline. Applicants must indicate semester start dates (or "needed by" dates) on application. 
Lisa Kaminski Memorial Scholarship
February 15, 2022
Applicants to the Lisa Kaminski Memorial Scholarship must be high school seniors in the Greater Cincinnati area with a record of outstanding community service in their community, recommendation provided by peers or faculty familiar with the student’s community impact, and intending to declare a major in a STEM-related field of study at a college or university program. Preference will be given to women candidates if a tie-breaker is necessary. Recipients are announced by March 30. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Lockheed Martin STEM Scholarship Program
March 12, 2022
Lockheed Martin will award up to 200 renewable scholarships of $10,000 each. Awards are open to individuals studying eligible engineering or computer science majors, who demonstrate financial need and come from underrepresented or under-served communities. The scholarship program doesn’t end with a check. Mentoring opportunities will be a key component of the program, and recipients will also be eligible for Lockheed Martin internship opportunities following their freshman, sophomore or junior year in college. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Lockheed Martin Vocational Scholarship
Varies
To be eligible for the Lockheed Martin Vocational Scholarship, applicants must: be high school seniors, graduate (GED equivalent), or are college undergraduates who have not obtained a bachelor’s degree; plan to enroll full-time at an accredited vocational technical school, trade school, two-year community college or state college; pursue a degree or vocational-technical certificate in one of the specified areas of study (see website); and, be a US citizen. This is renewable upon a 2.0 GPA. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Loren and Becky Roslund Scholarship
March 08, 2022
The Loren and Becky Roslund Scholarship is awarded to any graduating high school senior in Gratiot County to pursue a degree in agriculture, engineering, computers, drafting or similar area of study at a university, college or trade school. A minimum 2.5 GPA is required and preference is given to students pursuing a career in agriculture, engineering, computer-aided drafting or similar area. Must demonstrate financial need. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Massachusetts High Demand Scholarship Program
March 20, 2022
The Massachusetts High Demand Scholarship Program  encourages degree completion in high demand disciplines that will help address the workforce needs of the Commonwealth by providing scholarship assistance to support the educational costs of students pursuing such programs of study. Applicants must be permanent legal residents of Massachusetts for at least one year prior to the opening of the academic year, a U.S. Citizen or non-citizen eligible under Title IV regulations and have applied for financial aid, using the standard Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA). Applicants must be enrolled in a certificate, associate's or bachelor's degree program in a designated high need field at a public college or university in Massachusetts and must not have received a prior bachelor's degree or its equivalent. Must maintain a minimum GPA of 3.0. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Material Handling Education Foundation, Inc. Scholarship
January 15, 2022
The Material Handling Education Foundation, Inc. is an independent charitable organization with a mission to engage and attract students to the material handling, logistics and supply chain industry by providing financial support. Undergraduate students pursuing a material handling, logistics or supply chain career are eligible to apply, and they must be enrolled full-time at any non-profit accredited college or university in the United States. Applicants must have a "B" grade point average in their major. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
MathWorks Math Modeling (M3) Challenge
February 21, 2022
MathWorks Math Modeling (M3) Challenge is a contest for high school juniors and seniors in the U.S. and sixth form students in England and Wales. Through participation, students experience what it's like to work as a team to tackle a real-world problem under time and resource constraints, akin to those faced by professional mathematicians working in the industry. The Challenge awards $100,000. 11th and 12th graders from anywhere in the United States, including territories and DoDEA schools, and sixth form students (age 16-19) in England and Wales may participate. Home-school and cyber school students in those areas are also eligible. Teams must be comprised of three to five students and one teacher-coach and a maximum of two teams per school may register. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Measurement Science Conference Scholarship
January 15, 2022
The Measurement Science Conference (MSC) has an established fund to grant scholarships of up to $2,000 to students in an Engineering, Science, or Quality Assurance degree program. Applicants must be currently enrolled in an engineering, science or quality assurance degree program, have a minimum GPA of 3.0, be a U.S. Citizen or permanent resident, and be available to attend the Measurement Science Conference luncheon to be held on Friday, March 19, 2021 at the Disneyland Hotel in Anaheim, CA. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Mercatus Joseph Schumpeter Undergraduate Fellowship
January 05, 2022
The Joseph Schumpeter Undergraduate Fellowship is a competitive, renewable fellowship program for undergraduate students at George Mason University. Fellowships are open to full- and part-time degree-seeking Mason students from any discipline who are interested in studying key ideas in political economy and learning how to utilize these ideas in academic and policy research. Schumpeter Fellows study foundational writings in political economy from several notable economists and attend a series of conversations with various Mason faculty and Mercatus scholars. Schumpeter Fellows will join a network of Mercatus students, alumni, faculty, and scholars who are conducting and engaging with cutting edge research in contemporary political economy. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Michigan Council of Women in Technology Scholarship
Varies
MCWT provides scholarships to women who have the interest, aptitude and potential for a successful career in computer science. Our scholarship program encourages talented female students to continue their higher education and ultimately help Michigan become the No. 1 state for girls and women in technology. Since 2006, we’ve provided 204 women with scholarships totaling more than $1.3 million. Applicants must be current Michigan residents, U.S. citizens, female, enrolled or attending a Michigan university with a minimum 3.0 GPA. Each applicant must be enrolled during the grant period in a full-time undergraduate or graduate degree program in a major such as information systems, computer science, computer engineering, software engineering, computer information systems, digital forensics and software engineering. Annual awards up to $5,000, with a possibility of renewal, awarded to high school seniors through college juniors. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Microsoft Imagine Cup Global Competition 
January 31, 2022
Open to students around the world, the Imagine Cup Competition seeks to honor the most innovative, ground-breaking and appealing software built with Microsoft tools and technology. You must be at least 16 years of age as of October 24 to enter, actively enrolled as a student an accredited educational institution that grants high-school or college/university (or equivalent) degrees (including home schools). Residents of Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, Syria, and the Region of Crimea are not eligible to apply. For more information, or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Milliman Opportunity Scholarship
April 12, 2022
Milliman has established a scholarship program to assist college and university students from qualifying ethnic groups and races who have historically been under-represented in the fields of actuarial science, data science, computer science, programming, economics, mathematics, statistics, data analytics, and finance in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Ireland, South Africa, and Australia. For US applicants to be eligible, they must identify as a racial minority. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Mississippi Space Grant Consortium Graduate Fellowship Program
March 09, 2022
The Mississippi Space Grant Consortium (MSSGC) Graduate Fellowship Program is open to graduate students who are U.S. citizens and will be enrolled in a program of full-time study at one of the MSSGC universities. Any field of study that includes coursework related to research or interest to NASA is eligible. Fellowships are add-on awards, designed to supplement and enhance basic graduate research support, such as graduate research assistantships, graduate teaching assistantships, and non-federal scholarships and fellowships. Applicants must be graduate students who are U.S. citizens and who will be or are enrolled in a program of full-time study at one of the MSSGC universities. Applicants must have a minimum GPA of 3.0 and priority for fellowship awards will be given to those who do not receive other federal fellowships. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Montana Space Grant Consortium Scholarships
April 01, 2022
The Montana Space Grant Consortium offers undergraduate scholarships of for the academic year. Awards are made on a competitive basis to students enrolled in fields of study relevant to NASA's mission. These fields include (but are not necessarily limited to): the Biological and Life Sciences, Chemistry, Geological and Planetary Sciences, Physics and Astronomy, Mathematics, Mechanical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Computer Sciences, and Civil Engineering. Awardees must be U.S. citizens enrolled as full-time students at a Montana Space Grant Consortium campus. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Monterey Bay Officer Spouses Club Scholarship Award
April 05, 2022
These merit-based scholarships are available to military dependents of active-duty, retired, or deceased military members living in the Monterey County area or military dependents of Naval Postgraduate School alumni living anywhere. A scholarship is also available to a military dependent seeking a degree in one of the STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math) fields. Applicants must intend to pursue an undergraduate or graduate degree on either a full-time or a part-time basis. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
MSPE Western Chapter Scholarship Program
February 15, 2022
The Missouri Society of Professional Engineers (MSPE) Western Chapter will award two $1,500 scholarships to graduating high school seniors who have a genuine interest in engineering and are preparing to attend an approved school of engineering. This scholarship is provided for graduating high school seniors who have a genuine interest in engineering. Applicants must be U.S. citizens, have at least a 3.0 GPA for the 10th and 11th grades, have a minimum ACT score of 29 in Math and 25 in English, or an equivalent minimum SAT score of 950 in Math and 750 in English. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
NACME Scholars (Block Grant) Program 
Varies
Through the NACME Scholars Program, NACME provides block grants to colleges and universities that, in turn, award the money to talented African American, American Indian, and Latino students enrolled in engineering programs as part of their financial aid packages. The NACME’s Scholars (Block Grant) Program provides minority college scholarship support in the form of a lump sum grant to partner institutions who enroll students from three sources – first-year students identified by NACME or the partner universities, transfer students from two-year colleges, and currently enrolled students who have completed at least one year of engineering study. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
NASA Iowa Space Grant Consortium Scholarship
June 22, 2022
The Iowa Space Grant Consortium (ISGC) will award scholarships for undergraduate students pursuing a degree in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math (STEM) disciplines that support NASA’s mission. Applicants must be U.S. citizens, enrolled at Iowa Space Grant core institutions and  have a cumulative GPA of 3.0. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
National Eagle Scout Association STEM Scholarship 
October 31, 2021
The NESA STEM scholarship is awarded to one Eagle Scout annually who plans to major in a science, technology, engineering, or mathematics field (STEM). Eligible applicants must: have a minimum 1290 SAT or an ACT score of at least 28; apply during senior year of high school (exception: scouts whose Eagle Scout boards of review were held after October 31 of their senior year may apply during the next scholarship cycle in the following year – even though they may be in college by this time); and, winners may receive an academic scholarship one time only. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
National GEM Consortium Fellowships
November 15, 2021
GEM offers MS and Ph.D. level students an outstanding opportunity and access to dozens of the top engineering and science firms and Universities in the nation. The GEM Fellowship was designed to focus on promoting opportunities for individuals to enter the industry at the graduate level in areas such as research and development, product development, and other high-level technical careers. GEM also offers exposure opportunities to a number of opportunities in academe. GEM provides three fellowship programs: MS Engineering, Ph.D. Engineering and Ph.D. Science. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
National Space Club Keynote Scholarships
December 02, 2021
Since 2013, The National Space Club and Foundation has offered the opportunity for a student to give the keynote address at the National Space Club and Foundation's annual Goddard Memorial Dinner, one of the space industry's most prestigious gatherings. The student must intend to pursue a career in the Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics (STEM) fields, be academically strong and excel in public speaking.In addition to speaking at the Goddard Memorial Dinner, the individual selected will also receive a scholarship, in the amount of $10,000. This scholarship is awarded to a U.S. citizen, and is open to seniors in High School through graduate students studying at an accredited educational institution in the United States, who have definite plans to pursue a career in the STEM fields.The applicant must be a U.S. citizen who has the intention of pursuing a career in the STEM fields and plan to attend an accredited U.S. The opportunity is open to seniors in high school through graduate students. The applicant must attend a college or university to follow a course of study to pursue a career in the STEM field, with a preference for those with space related interests. The applicant can only use the $10,000.00 scholarship towards tuition for the academic year following the year it is awarded. The applicant must not have previously spoken at the Dr. Robert H. Goddard Memorial Dinner. The applicant may apply for any of the scholarships offered by the National Space Club and Foundation (Olin E Teague Scholarship and/or Keynote Scholarship) in the same year, but may only win one in the same year.Completed application and video must be uploaded to the National Space Club and Foundation website by December 2nd at 11:59:59 PM EST. The unofficial transcript and letters of recommendation must be combined into a single PDF; this can be done using a scanner or by going to a print shop like Kinkos. Please note, the National Space Club reserves the right to request original stamped/signed copies of the transcript at any point during the application process. If chosen to continue, the recipient must be available to speak with the NSCF executive committee for a live audition via video conference in January. The recipient must be available to speak at the Goddard Memorial Dinner (date to be determined). Travel and lodging for the recipient and one guest will be provided by the National Space Club and Foundation. Scholarship check will be provided to the college or university made payable to the applicable college or university no later than June 30th. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
NCWIT Award for Aspirations in Computing
November 05, 2021
The NCWIT Award for Aspirations in Computing (AiC) honors 9th-12th grade students who self-identify as women, genderqueer, or non-binary for their computing-related achievements and interests, and encourages them to pursue their passions. Applicants must be thirteen years or older, attend school in the U.S., Puerto Rico, Guam, the U.S. Virgin Islands, or on a U.S. overseas military base, and to be considered for a national award they must also be a U.S. citizen or permanent resident and have a U.S. Tax ID or Social Security Number. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
NDSGC American Indian Scholarship 
Varies
The recently established prestigious American Indian Scholarship is designed to encourage and support Native American students interested in pursuing STEM degrees and continuing their education beyond their current enrollment in community college. Eligible applicants must be undergraduates attending a North Dakota tribal college (United Tribes Technical College, Sitting Bull Community College, Nueta Hidatsa Sahnish College, Turtle Mountain Community College, and Cankdeska Cikana Community College), and maintain a 3.0 GPA. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
NDSGC Lillian Goettler Scholarship 
February 13, 2022
The NDSGC has established the prestigious Lillian Goettler Space Grant Award for a female student at North Dakota State University. Applicants must be majoring in a STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics) field, have a 3.5 GPA, and be a US citizen. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
NDSGC Pearl I. Young Scholarship 
February 13, 2022
The NDSGC has established the prestigious Pearl I. Young Space Grant Award for a student at the University of North Dakota. Applicants will ideally be involved in a research project of NASA relevance. Eligible applicants must: have female gender identity or outside the gender binary, be majoring in a STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics) or STEM Education field, have a 3.5 GPA, and be a US citizen. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Nellie Martin Carman Scholarship Fund
March 01, 2022
The Nellie Martin Carman Scholarship is available to graduating seniors from public high schools in King, Pierce, and Snohomish counties in Washington state (and a US citizen). Application forms are only available through these high schools and candidates for the scholarship are nominated by their school each year. Scholarships are renewable for four years of college in the state of Washington. Music, sculpture, drawing, interior decorating or domestic science are not accepted as major subject courses. During college, a 3.0 GPA is required. For more information and to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
North Carolina Space Grant Undergraduate Research Scholarship
March 12, 2022
Each year, NC Space Grant awards Undergraduate Research Scholarships to students who are pursuing careers in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) fields that support NASA’s Mission Directorates. The Undergraduate Research Scholarship Program requires that students participate in an active, identified research activity in STEM that has aerospace and NASA Mission Directorate applications. The research must be supervised by a faculty mentor and may be conducted on the home campus or at an industrial or government facility. Applicants must be enrolled full-time in a program of study in STEM and have a specific, faculty-mentored research project with NASA or aerospace relevance. Applicants must be pursuing a degree in a STEM discipline, be enrolled a s a full-time student at an accredited college or university in North Carolina, and have a minimum 3.0 GPA. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
NPS Civilian Master's Degree Scholarship 
August 17, 2021
The Naval Postgraduate School's Center for Cybersecurity and Cyber Operations (C3O) is ready to lead you on the start of your new career in the STEM or MONARCH program. The "Scholarship for Service (SFS)" program DOES NOT entail enrollment in the Military. Our students receive their Master's Degree and move on to CIVILIAN government jobs in such organizations as the CIA, FBI, NSA, and others. The scholarship includes paid tuition at NPS for two year Master's Degree in Computer Science, emphasis in Information Assurance and approximately $34,000/year salary while enrolled in the program, plus allowances for health care reimbursement (up to $3,000/year), textbooks (up to $2000/year), and professional development (up to $4,000/year). Awardees of the scholarship will have access to state-of-the-art equipment and the opportunity to participate in classified classes and research, participate in a summer internship to gain real world experience and upon graduation, start a paid civilian position as a cyber security professional in any of a number of government organizations for a minimum of two years. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
NSF Graduate Research Fellowship Program
Varies
The National Science Foundation's Graduate Research Fellowship Program helps ensure the vitality of the human resource base of science and engineering in the United States and reinforces its diversity. The prestigious program recognizes and supports outstanding graduate students in NSF-supported science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) disciplines who are pursuing research-based masters and doctoral degrees in the U.S. and abroad. Must be a US citizen or permanent resident. Deadlines vary by field of study. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
NSHSS Foundation STEM Scholarships
October 15, 2021
The NSHSS Foundation STEM Scholarship is offered to high school seniors with a minimum GPA of 3.0 and demonstrated desire to major in or pursue a degree in the STEM fields (see website for acceptable majors). Preference is given to underrepresented groups. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
NSHSS STEAM Scholarships
April 15, 2022
The NSHSS Foundation provides STEAM scholarships to high school seniors with a minimum GPA of 3.0 and a demonstrated desire to major in any area of science, technology, engineering, arts or mathematics, including any area related to the medical field. Requirements include a personal statement, a list of STEAM activities, photo, transcript, and educator recommendation. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
NVM Scholarships
June 01, 2022
The National Videogame Museum is offering scholarships to to high school graduates pursuing careers in gaming or technology-based fields. Three of the four are limited to Texas residents but the fourth is open to women across the country. Eligible applicants must be high school seniors, have a 3.0 GPA, and be a US citizen.  For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
OAWWA Graduate/Adult Continuing Education Degree Scholarship
February 05, 2022
The OAWWA Graduate/Adult Continuing Education Degree Scholarship has been created in an effort to give back to the individuals who support the water industry and the Ohio Section of the American Water Works Association. Open to any student residing in Ohio and attending an Ohio accredited institution of higher learning during the scholarship year, in a water industry related program. Recipients are announced in May. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
OHM Advisors Diversity Scholarship
November 30, 2021
The OHM Diversity Scholarship Program is open to qualified women and minority students who are currently enrolled or planning to enroll in a STEM program or other related field of practice at OHM Advisors. Applicant must be a woman and/or minority as defined by the Equal Employment Opportunity Program (African American, Hispanic, Native American, Asian or Pacific Islander, Multi-racial), be a high school senior through college juniors currently enrolled or planning to enroll in a STEM Program or other related field of practice at OHM Advisors (ex. Architecture, Urban Design) the following academic year. Having a minimum cumulative average grade of a B (3.0 GPA) at the time of application is beneficial but not mandatory. Special consideration is given to applicants living near an OHM Advisors office location. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Olin E. Teague Memorial Scholarship
October 11, 2021
The National Space Club and Foundation offers a scholarship each year in memory of the Honorable Olin E. Teague. The scholarship is awarded to a graduating high school senior at an accredited U.S. high school. The student must be a U.S. Citizen. This scholarship program is intended to encourage talented young people to pursue careers in aerospace fields. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Oracle Developer Scholars Program
March 03, 2022
Get your foot in the door with the leaders of the cloud revolution. As the world's #1 developer of enterprise software, Oracle technology empowers nearly half a million businesses to achieve more, faster, and with fewer resources. As an intern, you will make a significant impact and solve real-world problems alongside mentors and seasoned colleagues. You will have the opportunity to help create groundbreaking products that solve the world's most fascinating problems.  The Oracle Corporate Scholars Program seeks to identify students to serve as technical development interns during the summer. At the conclusion of the internship, interns will have an opportunity to receive a $10,000 scholarship for the academic school year following their internship. This program seeks African American/Black, Hispanic, and Native American students who are currently pursuing a degree in one of the following disciplines: Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Software Engineering/Development. Candidates must possess a minimum cumulative grade point average of 3.0 on a 4.0 scale. Candidates must be a U.S. citizen. Students must be a junior at the time of the application and be enrolled full-time at a four-year, accredited college or university located in the U.S.Successful candidates will be offered internships during the summer prior to their senior year in college. Upon successful completion of the internship, interns will be considered for a $10,000 Scholarship to be awarded for the academic year following their internship.Students must be at least a college junior enrolled full-time at a four-year college or university at the time of application and must be a U.S. Citizen. Must have a minimum cumulative 3.0 GPA on a 4.0 scale and should have experience with one or more software coding languages either through class/project work or paid/unpaid work experience. Students should complete 3 or more Computer Science courses by summer of their internship. Students should provide a current resume in the online application highlighting the following: education, work history, extracurricular activities, honors, awards, community service, and examples of paid or unpaid experience in coding. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Out To Innovate Scholarships for LGBTQ+STEM Students
June 06, 2022
NOGLSTP established the Out To Innovate Scholarships for LGBTQ STEM students which are intended for undergraduate and graduate students pursuing degrees in science, technology, engineering, or mathematics (STEM) programs who are either lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer or an active ally of the LGBTQ community. One scholarship will go to an undergraduate student, and one will go to a graduate/professional level student. Applicants must have successfully completed a minimum of two years of post-high school education at an accredited college or university, have a minimum 3.0 GPA, a declared major in an accredited STEM or STEM-related teaching field and be an active supporter of and participant in programs or organizations that promote LGBTQ inclusion and visibility. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Pacific Gas & Electric Company Asian ERG Scholarship 
February 05, 2022
The Pacific Gas & Electric Company Asian ERG Scholarship provides an effective forum for members to enhance skills, knowledge and experience. All majors eligible; encouragement given to engineering, IT, business, environmental or energy-related emphasis. Eligible applicants must be a high school senior, have a 3.0 GPA, and have a residence that is a PG&E customer in California for at least 6 months. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Pacific Gas & Electric Company Veterans ERG Scholarship 
February 05, 2022
The Pacific Gas & Electric Company Veterans ERG Scholarship focuses on veteran advocacy within PG&E and in their service area communities. All majors eligible; encouragement given to STEM or energy-related emphasis. Eligible applicants must: be high school seniors or continuing college students; have a 2.0 GPA; and, have a residence  that is a PG&E customer in California for at least 6 months. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Palantir Global Impact Scholarship
April 01, 2022
To be eligible for the Palantir Global Impact Scholarship, applicants must: be undergraduate or master’s students actively enrolled in an accredited university outside of the United States during the academic years that the scholarship is awarded; be majoring in or plan to major in the fields of computer science, software engineering, or a closely related technical field; and, have not been a Palantir scholarship recipient in the past. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Palantir Women in Technology Scholarship
April 01, 2022
To be eligible for the Palantir Women in Technology Scholarship, applicants must: be an undergraduate female actively enrolled in an accredited U.S., Canadian or Mexican college/university during the upcoming academic year; be a freshman, sophomore, or junior who is majoring in or plans to major in computer science, software engineering, or a closely related technical field; and, have not been a Palantir recipient before. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
PG&E Scholarships
February 07, 2022
PG&E has a wide range of scholarships to help the next generation of Californians succeed and innovate in both Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) based majors and other disciplines. These STEM-focused or Employee Resource Group and Engineering Network Group-sponsored scholarships range from $1,000 to $10,000. Applicants for all scholarships must be a high school senior or graduate, have received GED certification or be an undergraduate or postsecondary undergraduate student. Veterans and adults returning to school are encouraged to apply. They must have a primary residence that is a PG&E customer in California at time of application, and must plan to enroll full-time at an accredited college or university. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.  
Phoenix AISES Scholarship
June 30, 2022
Administered by Phoenix AISES, this scholarship is made available to American Indian, Alaskan Native, and Native Hawaiian high school seniors and college students who attend an accredited two-year or four-year college/university in the state of Arizona who are majoring in STEM disciplines. Awards will be based on academic achievement, student activities, and community service. The scholarship will be a one-time award of $500 or $1,000 paid directly to the recipients' school of choice. Applicants must have a 3.0 GPA. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
PMI Alaska Chapter Scholarship 
May 01, 2022
The PMI Alaska Chapter Scholarships are for applicants who are enrolled in or applying for an accredited undergraduate, graduate or doctoral academic degree program in project management or a related field benefitting from project management with the following order of priority: 1st priority: a member of the PMI Alaska Chapter who is a resident of Alaska attending or planning to attend an accredited college or university program anywhere; 2nd priority: any individual residing in Alaska who is attending or planning to attend an accredited college or university program anywhere. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
PMI James "Jim" Rankin Memorial Scholarship
May 01, 2022
The James Rankin Memorial Scholarship is an academic scholarship open to all students pursuing undergraduate or graduate degrees in Project Management or related fields of study from accredited, degree-granting colleges and universities. Applicants must be students in the Dallas/Fort Worth area attending or planning to attend an accredited degree program in the area, an area student attending an accredited degree program in the U.S., or a Texas student attending an accredited degree program in the U.S. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
PMI Kansas City Mid America Chapter Scholarship 
May 01, 2022
The PMI Kansas City Mid-America Chapter has sponsored an academic scholarship for students from Kansas City, MO, pursuing associate, undergraduate, graduate, or PhD degrees in Project Management or related fields of study from accredited, degree-granting colleges and universities. Students from Kansas and Missouri are also invited to apply. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
PMI New York City Chapter Scholarship
May 01, 2022
In order to be considered eligible for the PMI New York City Chapter, applicants must be enrolled in or applying for an accredited academic degree program in project management, and/or a field that benefits from project management (i.e., science/engineering, hotel management, information technology, pharmaceutical, business administration, construction, human resources, educational administration, etc.), with the following order of priority: 1st Priority: A member of the PMI NYC Chapter or an immediate family member (including spouse, step-children, and grandchildren but not cousins, aunts or uncles) attending or planning to attend any accredited college or university program in the Metro NYC Area; 2nd Priority: A member of the PMI NYC Chapter or an immediate family member (including spouse, step-children, and grandchildren but not cousins, aunts or uncles) attending or planning to attend any accredited college or university program. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
PMI Silver Spring Chapter Scholarship 
May 01, 2022
The PMI Silver Spring Chapter is offered to applicants enrolled in or applying for an accredited academic degree program in project management or a related field benefiting from project management. First priority is given to residents in the National Capital Area (see website for details) attending or planning to attend an accredited undergraduate or graduate degree program anywhere. Second priority is given to any individual attending or planning to attend an accredited undergraduate or graduate degree program in the National Capital Area. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
PMI Tulsa Chapter Scholarship 
May 01, 2022
In order to be considered eligible for the PMI Tulsa Chapter Scholarship, applicants must be enrolled in or applying to a project management degree program or a related field benefiting from project management with the following order of priority: a member of the PMI Tulsa Chapter or an immediate family member (including spouse, children, step-children and grandchildren but not cousins, aunts, or uncles) attending or planning to attend any college or university; a resident of Northeastern Oklahoma attending or planning to attend any college or university; an individual attending or planning to attend any college or university in Northeastern Oklahoma; or an any individual attending or planning to attend any college or university in Oklahoma. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Quad City Engineering and Science Council Scholarship (QCESC)
January 24, 2022
The Quad City Engineering and Science Council with its member societies, local businesses, and regional universities annually provide one-time scholarships to high school seniors studying STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics) at an accredited four-year college or university. Applicants must be a Quad City area resident in the Illinois Counties of Carroll, Henry, Knox, Lee, Mercer, Rock Island, or Whiteside, or in the Iowa Counties of Clinton, Scott, Muscatine, or Louisa. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Ralph W. Shrader Graduate Diversity Scholarship
April 30, 2022
The Ralph W. Shrader Graduate Diversity Scholarship will be awarded to full-time students (women and minority students), enrolled in their second semester and at least two semester-equivalent courses) currently pursuing a graduate degree at any accredited academic institution in the United States and living in the United States in an eligible major that supports the mission of AFCEA Educational Foundation. Eligible applicants must be US citizens and have a 3.5 GPA. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Raytheon Intelligence & Space Women's Scholarship
June 01, 2022
The recipient of the Raytheon Intelligence & Space Women's Cybersecurity Scholarship will receive a $10,000 Scholarship to be applied to tuition, fees, books and required electronics. The recipient will also receive a (ISC)2 Certification Education Package upon graduation. Applicants must be a female pursuing, or planning to pursue, a degree with a focus on cybersecurity, information assurance, or similar field. May be a high school senior, undergraduate or graduate student who will be pursuing a degree in the upcoming fall. GPA must be at least 3.3 on a 4.0 scale (or an analogous rank based on a comparable scale), be a US citizen or permanent resident in the United States.
Regeneron Science Talent Search Scholarship
November 12, 2021
The Regeneron Science Talent Search (Regeneron STS) is the nation’s oldest and most prestigious science competition for high school seniors, providing an important forum for original research that is recognized and reviewed by a national jury of professional scientists. Annually, over 1,800 high school seniors from around the country accept the challenge of conducting independent science, math or engineering research and completing an entry for the Regeneron Science Talent Search. The competition recognizes 300 student scholars and their schools each year and invites 40 student finalists to Washington, D.C. to participate in final judging, display their work to the public, and meet with notable scientists and government leaders. Applicants must be students who are enrolled and attending their senior year of high school in the U.S. or territories, or are a U.S. citizen studying abroad. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Renate W. Chasman Award
February 28, 2022
Administered by Brookhaven Women in Science (BWIS) of Brookhaven National Laboratory (BNL), the Renate W. Chasman Scholarship encourages women to pursue careers in the sciences, technology, engineering, or mathematics (STEM). Applicants must be female graduate students at an accredited educational institution doing research at BNL in the STEM disciplines. Candidates must not receive their degrees prior to May of the award year. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Richard S. Thompson and Marion L. Thompson Memorial Fund
January 11, 2022
The Richard S. Thompson and Marion L. Thompson Memorial Fund awards scholarships to Lee County students pursuing a post-secondary science education. Applicants must have a GPA of at least 3.5. Selected applicants will be called for an interview. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Ridgeline International Community Scholarship
July 09, 2022
At Ridgeline International, we recognize and appreciate the immense amount of responsibility we have to give back to our community. We’re excited to announce that one way we are doing this is through the Ridgeline International Scholarship Fund. In 2020, we awarded three $5,000 scholarships to students pursuing higher education in the science, technology, engineering, and math fields.We value a number of qualities in our teammates, including grit, resilience, and agility. We want to properly recognize students who possess these attributes and take an active role in their community while contributing to the field of STEM. This scholarship fund is an extension of our internship program, in which students who are awarded a scholarship from Ridgeline may also be considered for future internship and full-time opportunities. Both graduating high school seniors and current undergraduate students are eligible to apply. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Roosevelt Archival Internships
March 15, 2022
The Roosevelt Library seeks a summer intern to work in its Archives Department. The Library offers a limited number of paid internships in the summer and occasionally offers internships for credit during the spring and fall. Preference may be given to students majoring in history, political science, archival, library, or computer/information science. Current undergraduates, recent graduates, and individuals pursuing advanced degrees are encouraged to apply. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
RTF Cyber Security Scholarship
April 15, 2022
The Cyber Security scholarship is awarded annually to one high school senior or undergraduate college student who is currently or has attended high school in a rural community. In order to be considered for this scholarship, the applicant must demonstrate an interest in cyber security. The student must also be planning to attend college to pursue a degree in a computer technology related field, or already doing so as part of an undergraduate degree program. This scholarship is awarded based upon answers to a series of essay questions that are designed to gauge the student’s passion for his or her intended career in cyber security as well as the student’s sense of citizenship and pride in their rural community. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider’s website.
Samsung@First Scholars
April 03, 2022
The Samsung@First Scholars's goal is to support those outstanding scientists, technologists, engineers, and mathematicians who will lead the world for the next 30 years and beyond. Applicants must be current undergraduate students entering their sophomore, junior or senior year in the upcoming academic school year or undergraduate senior accepted into a masters program or current master's student or planning to enroll on a full-time basis (as defined by the program of study) in a California, public four-year college/university. Preference is given to students enrolling in a school in the greater Bay Area (includes Santa Clara, San Mateo, San Francisco, Marin, Alameda, Contra Costa, Napa, Solano, Sonoma). Applicants must have a declared major in a STEM field (with preference given to computer science and engineering majors) and have a 3.0 GPA. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
SAPA Scholarship & Excellence in Education Program 
July 06, 2022
The primary purpose of SAPA Scholarship is to recognize and support educational excellence achieved by outstanding high school students, and to encourage the finest high school graduates to develop careers in life sciences. SAPA will award undergraduate scholarships to selected candidates, known as SAPA Scholars, in September for use during their college freshman year. The awards will be made on the basis of merits to those who have outstanding potential and intend to pursue careers in life sciences. Applicant must be a high school senior who is planning to attend a full-time undergraduate program at an accredited four-year college/university with a major related to life sciences, have a minimum 3.3 GPA and a minimum SAT score of 1400 or ACT score of 30, and be a U.S. citizen or permanent resident. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
SBB Research Group STEM Scholarship
May 31, 2022
The SBB Research Group STEM Scholarship encourages and empowers students to create significant value and countless new opportunities for society through their pursuit of higher learning, especially through interdisciplinary combinations of Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM). This scholarship will be awarded on a quarterly basis; please see eligibility details and guidelines below. A total of four (4) $2,500 scholarships will be awarded throughout the year.To apply for this scholarship students must be currently enrolled full-time students pursuing a degree in Science, Technology, Engineering, or Mathematics (STEM). Students must have a minimum GPA of 3.5 and SBB Research Group’s interns and their family members are eligible and encouraged to apply. However, immediate family members of SBB Research Group’s regular employees are not eligible to apply. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider’s website. 
Scarlett Family Foundation
December 15, 2021
The Scarlett Family Foundation offers scholarships to Tennessee students pursuing a business or STEM-related degree. Applicants must have graduated high school (or GED) from one of the eligible Tennessee counties, must demonstrate financial need and must be pursuing a business or STEM approved degree at a 4 year, non-profit college or university. Applicants must be enrolled or planning to enroll full-time at the time of application. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider’s website.
SENEDIA STEM Scholarship
May 01, 2022
The Southeastern New England Defense Industry Alliance (SENEDIA) is pleased to announce that we will be awarding a minimum of two (2) $1500 scholarships for the 2020/2021 academic year to students pursuing a career in STEM-related fields (such as engineering, computer science, cybersecurity, information technology, mathematics, etc.)  with the potential to support the future national security and defense sector workforce. Applicants must be a matriculating student enrolled in a STEM field at an accredited college or university located in the U.S. and must be entering their third year of study (or higher) in the academic year of the award. The student may be transitioning from institutions with a two-year program into another with a four-year program of study. The student must be a U.S. citizen and a resident of Southeastern New England (RI, CT, or MA). For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Sigma Xi Grants-in-Aid of Research
Varies
The Sigma Xi Grants in Aid of Research (GIAR) program has provided undergraduate and graduate students with valuable educational experiences since 1922. By encouraging close working relationships between students and mentors, the program promotes scientific excellence and achievement through hands-on learning.The program awards grants of up to $1,000 to students from most areas of the sciences and engineering. Designated funds from the National Academy of Sciences allow for grants of up to $5,000 for astronomy research and $2,500 for vision related research. Students use the funding to pay for travel expenses to and from a research site, or for purchase of non-standard laboratory equipment necessary to complete a specific research project. For more information, or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider’s website.
Silicon Valley Community Foundation Latinos In Technology Scholarship
April 03, 2022
The Latinos in Technology Scholarship was established by the Hispanic Foundation of Silicon Valley, a public foundation dedicated to inspiring community philanthropy and engaging people to invest in the educational achievement and leadership development of a thriving Hispanic community in Silicon Valley. This program will give up to 100 Latino students the support they need to graduate from college; an educational opportunity they would not have access to otherwise. Additionally, scholarship recipients will be considered for summer internships with sponsoring corporate investors. Must have a 3.0 GPA. DACA applicants are eligible. For more information, or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider’s website.
Single Parent Professional Certification Scholarship of Northwest Arkansas 
Varies
The Professional Certification Scholarships are for students pursuing certification as a Certified Nursing Assistant, Patient Care Technician, or in Phlebotomy from UAMS/Schmieding Center, Petra Allied Health, PRN, NTI, or NWACC. Applicants must be a single parent and a U.S. resident or a resident with DACA Status, and a resident of Carroll, Madison, or Washington County, Arkansas. Must be pursuing a career-oriented course of study (full or part-time) to ensure a better standard of living for your family and living at or near the poverty level (up to 200% of Federal Poverty Guidelines). Deadlines are: June 15 for fall, October 15 for spring, and March 15 for summer. Must maintain a 2.5 GPA. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
SMA Native American STEM Scholarship
June 12, 2022
The SMA Native American STEM Scholarship awards Native American students pursuing a four-year degree in in STEM--Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics. Applicant must be an enrolled member of a Pueblo or Tribe, a high school graduate by June who has been accepted by an accredited U.S. college or university or a college STEM student already enrolled at an accredited college or university and must have a minimum 3.0 GPA. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Society of Automotive Engineers Scholarships
March 15, 2022
Through generous contributions from various individuals, corporations, and universities, SAE International is proud to award scholarship money to both undergraduate and graduate engineering students. Requirements for individual scholarships vary, but students who are studying engineering or related sciences - math, chemistry, physics, biology, technologies or computer science - are welcome to apply. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Society of Women Engineers (SWE) Scholarship Program
February 14, 2022
SWE Scholarships support those who identify as a female/woman and are pursuing an ABET-accredited bachelor or graduate student program in preparation for careers in engineering, engineering technology and computer science in the United States. Applicants complete one application and are considered for all scholarships for which they are eligible. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Society of Women Engineers Sophomore-Graduate Scholarships
February 14, 2022
SWE Scholarships support women pursuing ABET-accredited bachelor or graduate student programs in preparation for careers in engineering, engineering technology and computer science in the United States. The scholarships are open to women only, enrolled in or accepted for a baccalaureate or graduate ABET-accredited engineering (EAC), computing (CAC), or technology (TAC) degree program. In a position to accept the scholarship in the school year for which it is being awarded. Full-time student status, except for re-entry and non-traditional applicants, with minimum 3.0 GPA for upperclassmen. Must be a U.S. citizen or permanent resident of the U.S. for some scholarships. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
Stantec Equity & Diversity Scholarship
March 15, 2022
The Stantec Equity & Diversity Scholarship Fund will be awarding $200,000 in global scholarships for the annual academic year. The number of scholarships and award amounts will vary based on the eligible applicant pool. To be eligible for this award, applicants must be enrolled in a college, university, or post-secondary institution in the academic year following the announcement of scholarship winners and be in pursuit of a bachelor's degree; pursue a STEAM (science, technology, engineering, arts and mathematics) major; and belong to a historically underrepresented population/group such as BIPOC (Black, Indigenous, and People of Color), members of the LGBTQ2+ community, people with disabilities, veterans, and first-generation college students.
Steel Intern Scholarships
October 31, 2021
The AIST Foundation offers up to thirty Steel Intern Scholarships valued at US$6,000 per year each, including the Premier Intern Scholarship valued at US$12,000 per year. These scholarships require a commitment to a paid summer internship at a North American steel producing company or steel-related company during the upcoming summer. Eligible applicants must: be a Mexican, Canadian, or US citizen; be current undergraduates; have a 2.5 GPA; and, be an engineering major (metallurgy, materials science, chemical, electrical, mechanical, environmental, industrial, computer science, data science, safety). For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
STEM Major Scholarships for Undergraduate Students
May 31, 2022
The AFCEA offers scholarships to students pursuing qualifying STEM majors related to the mission of AFCEA, including Computer Engineering, Computer Science, Cybersecurity, IT, Mathematics, Robotics Engineering and Statistics. Applicants must be at least second-year college students enrolled as sophomores or juniors full-time in a four-year college or university, have a minimum 3.0 GPA and be U.S. citizens or permanent residents. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
STEM To Flower Scholarship
May 31, 2022
Omega Phi Beta Foundation (OPBF) is a national philanthropic organization committed to providing leadership, academic, and community development opportunities through educational and grant-making initiatives. These initiatives support individuals and organizations dedicated to advancing women’s rights in STEAM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts, & Math).The Omega Phi Beta Foundation STEM to Flowers Scholarship is awarded to current high-school seniors looking to pursue an undergraduate degree in the STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and/or Mathematics) field(s). The increased inclusion of women and girls in this field not only diversifies the field, in terms of gender and thought, but also serves to encourage other women and girls to become involved.Applicant must currently be a female high-school senior from a low-income household earning a combined income that is less than $45,000.00 a year. Must be in pursuit of an undergraduate degree with a major in the STEM (Science, Technology,Engineering, and/or Mathematics) field at a college or university.All General Scholarships are awarded for one academic year and are non-renewable. Individual scholarship awards are for $500.00.Applications must be submitted, in their entirety, by 5 pm on May 31. No applications will be accepted if emailed after the designated deadline. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
STudent Academic Research Review (STARR) Award Program
July 30, 2021
A member of National Aeronautics and Space Administration’s (NASA) National Space Grant College and Fellowship Program (Space Grant), the Oregon NASA Space Grant Consortium (OSGC) supports the agency’s objectives of fostering and encouraging careers in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) and STEM education to develop a skilled, high-performing, capable, and diverse next-generation workforce. Access to experiential learning and research opportunities are crucial to enhancing a student’s academic experience in order to meet the needs of NASA and the nation. OSGC programs are directed towards undergraduate students in STEM fields and designed to complement a student’s academic career experience. In support of the national priority to increase diversity in STEM fields, women, individuals from underserved and underrepresented groups in the STEM fields, and persons with disabilities are strongly encouraged to participate.The Oregon Space Grant STudent Academic Research Review (STARR) Award Program is directed towards STEM and STEM Education students attending our member community colleges and four-year universities who are interested in space science/aerospace-related careers. The STARR Program provides students an opportunity to apply for a one-year award to enhance and supplement their academic study in STEM and STEM education. These awards also serve to recognize student’s achievements in these fields. STARR awards are open to students in a broad range of STEM disciplines, including aerospace-related engineering and mathematics, as well as earth sciences, chemistry, biology, food science, and computer science relating to NASA’s vision and mission. Applicants must be U.S. citizens. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
SWE Golden Gate High School Scholarship Program
March 20, 2022
The Golden Gate Section of the Society of Women Engineers (SWE) is pleased to announce its High School Scholarship Program. Each year our Section awards scholarships to graduating local high school seniors who are pursuing a degree in engineering and other related degrees. Applicants must be females attending school within the boundaries of the Golden Gate Section (includes San Francisco, Marin, Napa, Sonoma, San Mateo counties and parts of Contra Costa and Alameda counties). See website for eligible zip codes. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
SWSIS Scholarships for Women Studying Information Security
February 01, 2022
The SWSIS program provides scholarships of up to $10,000 for women studying for their Bachelors and Masters degrees in fields relating to information security. To be eligible, you must be accepted at or enrolled in a US campus of a US university (at least in junior or senior year). Applicants must be U.S. citizens or permanent residents. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
The American Indian Science and Engineering Society Scholarships
June 14, 2022
The American Indian Science and Engineering Society (AISES) helps students move forward in their educational journeys by providing a wide range of programs and scholarship opportunities. AISES scholarships help students acquire skills and training that will help them meet the unique STEM needs of our communities. A free student membership is required for application. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
The Asama Coldwater Manufacturing (ACM) Georgia Scholarship
April 30, 2022
The Asama Coldwater Manufacturing (ACM) Georgia Scholarship awards scholarships to graduates of a Warren County high school (current year or Previous). The $1000 scholarship is renewable for one year after the original award is made, provided all requirements are met for renewal. Applicants must be pursuing programs in or directly related to business, engineering, manufacturing, or technologyELIGIBLITY:1. The applicant shall be a graduate of a Warren County high school (current year or previous)2. The applicant completed high school with a minimum GPA of 2.803. The availability of other financial assistance, grants, and/or scholarships to the applicants will be considered. Preference will be given to applicants who are less likely to have other assistance available4. Applicant acceptance or attendance at an accredited secondary education institution, including trade schools, technical colleges, community colleges, colleges, and universities5. The applicant's level of motivation, effort, and diligence in the pursuit of further education, as demonstrated in their personal statement, will be consideredAPPLICATION PROCEDURES:1. The applicant shall complete the application form provided by the Community Foundation for the CSRA.2. The applicant shall provide a letter of recommendation.3. The applicant shall provide an unofficial transcript.4. The applicant shall provide a narrative setting forth personal goals, reasons for going into chosen field of study, and plans after graduation from college. The narrative shall explain the need for financial assistance and the benefit of receiving the scholarship. Also include any unique situations that would be considered by the Scholarship Selection Committee (for example, extraordinary responsibilities at home, work, etc.). The narrative shall be between 500-750 words.
The Cargill Global Scholars Program 
March 04, 2022
The Cargill Global Scholars Program is a distinctive, two-year leadership development program that provides financial support, in addition to leadership development training and one-on-one mentoring. Applicants must be a citizen or permanent legal resident of the United States, attend a partner university, be a currently-enrolled freshman or sophomore university student, demonstrate high academic performance and demonstrate leadership potential. Preference will be given to applicants who demonstrate financial need, specialize in agriculture, biochemistry, biology, business, computer and data science, engineering, environmental studies and sustainability, food science or international relations, and are from a disadvantaged or underrepresented group. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
The Edison International STEM Scholarship 
January 19, 2022
The Edison Scholars Program supports students pursuing degrees in STEM fields. Applicant must be a high school senior with at least a 3.0 cumulative GPA, plan to pursue studies in the STEM fields at a four-year accredited college or university and show financial need. The award is restricted to Edison's Southern California service territory. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
The Elevating Futures Scholarship Fund
March 01, 2022
Elevating Futures Scholarship Fund's mission is to aid qualified Chicago Public School students seeking assistance with the costs of their post-secondary education.  The fund will provide college scholarships and mentoring supports, along with access to career development opportunities, to guide students in launching careers in the construction and engineering industries. Eligible students must also be enrolled in STEM coursework, have an unweighted GPA of at least 3.0, and a good attendance record. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider’s website. 
The Eye-Bank STEM Scholarship in Memory of James Fabian, Esq.
May 15, 2022
Applicant must be a student no more than 25 years of age who is accepted to, or enrolled in a STEM undergraduate or graduate program at an accredited 2 or 4-year college or university for the current academic year at the time of application deadlineResearch and propose a method in which an area within STEM – science, technology, engineering, mathematics—when applied might help to increase the number of eye, organ and/or tissue donations provided so that an increased number of individuals waiting for sight and life-saving transplants might receive them.Submit your paper/proposal in 3-4 typewritten pages, doubled-spaced (1,000 words), describing the method identified in item number 7. Include footnotes and bibliography.Provide two letters of reference from current school (high school or college)Provide either a current official transcript and/or acceptance letter from the college, university or trade/technical school the applicant plans to attend. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
The Generation Google Scholarship 
December 04, 2021
The Generation Google Scholarship was established to help aspiring computer scientists excel in technology and become leaders in the field. Google strongly encourage people who identify as part of historically underrepresented groups, including Black/African American, Hispanic/Latinx, American Indian, or Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander, to apply. As part of the scholarship, current undergraduate or graduate students will be invited to attend the Google Scholars’ Retreat. Applicants must be high school seniors or have a high school degree or equivalent, be currently enrolled as an undergrad or graduate student at an accredited U.S. university, studying computer science, computer engineering or a closely related technical field, and demonstrate a strong academic record. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
The Michigan Oil and Gas Association (MOGA) Energy Education for Michigan Scholarships
August 03, 2021
The Michigan Oil and Gas Association (MOGA) offers Energy Education for Michigan Scholarships to applicants who are Michigan residents enrolled in an accredited Michigan college or university. (This includes graduating high school seniors who are enrolled in a Michigan college or university) and must demonstrate financial need. Must have a minimum 2.75 GPA and must be enrolled in a course of study affiliated with Michigan's Oil and Natural Gas Industry. These scholarships may be renewable on an annual basis, with the opportunity for renewing scholarship applicants to receive additional funds exceeding the $500. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
The Robert Noyce Scholarship
January 12, 2022
The Robert Noyce Scholarship program, authorized under the National Science Foundation Authorization Act, seeks to encourage talented science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) majors to become elementary, middle, and high school teachers by offering tuition scholarships of $15,000 per year for up to two years. The scholarship will be awarded annually to qualified Trinity seniors and post-baccalaureate candidates in their Master of Arts in Teaching (M.A.T.) year. Noyce Scholars will join Trinity University's teacher preparation program and complete the M.A.T. before entering the teaching profession. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
The Robotics Education & Competition (REC) Foundation Scholarships
Varies
The Robotics Education & Competition (REC) Foundation seeks to increase student interest and involvement in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) by engaging students in hands-on, sustainable and affordable curriculum-based robotics engineering programs. By partnering with universities and colleges to offer a scholarship program, the REC Foundation hopes to encourage students in our programs to continue their education and pursue careers in STEM. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
The SMART Scholarship-for-Service Program
Varies
The Science, Mathematics, and Research for Transformation (SMART) Scholarship-for-Service Program is an opportunity for students pursuing an undergraduate or graduate degree in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) disciplines to receive a full scholarship and guaranteed civilian employment with the Department of Defense (DoD) upon degree completion. Applicants must be pursuing a technical degree in one of the 21 STEM disciplines listed on the provider's site. Technical degrees include programs specializing in science, mathematics, and engineering (as listed in the 21 approved disciplines). Non-technical degrees include management, arts or humanities degrees that are not approved or funded by SMART. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
The Vipin Agrawal Memory Scholarship Fund Inc.
June 30, 2022
The Vipin Agrawal Memorial Scholarship Fund provides two scholarships each year totaling $1000 each to students from low-income and immigrant backgrounds. Applicants must be high school seniors attending a California state university, either CSU and UC school systems, AND went to a California high school, Pursuing an undergraduate degree in computer science, science, technology, engineering, or medicine, be an immigrant or child of immigrants, have an annual household income of less than $75,000, and have a minimum GPA of 3.0. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Thomas W. Jones Memorial Scholarship
April 23, 2022
This renewable scholarship is to be awarded to a graduating high school senior or current student at the University of South Carolina’s School of Engineering.Applicant must attend the University of South Carolina enrolled in the School of Engineerin and must have a GPA of 2.5 or higher on a 4.0 scale. Applicant must have ties to either Georgetown or Horry County. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Woodrow Wilson Teaching Fellowship
Varies
The Woodrow Wilson Teaching Fellowship seeks to attract talented, committed individuals, with backgrounds in the STEM fields—science, technology, engineering, and mathematics—into teaching in high-need secondary schools in Pennsylvania. The Fellowship has also prepared over a thousand teachers in Georgia, Indiana, Michigan, New Jersey, and Ohio. Eligible applicants include current undergraduates, recent college graduates, mid-career professionals, and retirees who have majored in, or have extensively studied, one or more of the STEM fields. Includes admission to a master's degree program at a well-established partner university teacher certification in science, mathematics or technology education and extensive preparation for teaching in a high-need urban or rural secondary school for one full year prior to becoming the teacher-of-record in a science or math classroom. For more information, or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website.
Workforce Pathways Scholarship
Varies
Trident Technical College (TTC) Division of Continuing Education and Economic Development is pleased to offer a new session of the Workforce Pathways Scholarship for fall classes. Students must be current residents of South Carolina. The scholarship can be applied to the following programs: healthcare, information technology, manufacturing, and professional development. For more information or to apply, please visit the scholarship provider's website. 
ZONTA Milwaukee Scholarships
June 15, 2022
Founded in 1919, Zonta International is a leading global organization of professionals empowering women worldwide through service and advocacy. With more than 30,000 members belonging to more than 1,200 Zonta Clubs in 67 countries and geographic areas, Zontians all over the world volunteer their time, talents and support to local and international service projects, as well as scholarship programs aimed at fulfilling Zonta's mission and objects. As a means of encouraging more women to pursue undergraduate degrees in Science, Technology, Engineering or Math, the Zonta Club of Milwaukee is sponsoring a $1,000 Woman in STEM Scholarship competition for local residents and out-of-state students, to help fund junior or senior level studies at an accredited university, college or institute.                  